wave of politkovskaya new newspaper
she would be absolutely sure that any
closeness this is not even bad
just criminal
any closeness
longing we all lived a closed society
know how awful it is yes
and how can children be complete if they
the failure of the relaxed framework of someone's yes
so I do not know the ideology that
imposing shadows on it to be sure
imposed ideology according to the
what we saw yes
mean comparing with english
the pension will not survive at all
critics because
interest to say
percent of the first day
ohh just awful and she has no
relationship to life primarily because
that the authors whose name does not know what it is
closeness
John close closeness
assumes full openness of the child
to society
and I will try with me this is my Japanese
car market and in Poltava
there is no question
and further
protection of ours and in that year ooo absolute
militarized country
man of action rowing
this is another crime on
excellent in my opinion
Well, what is this mastering of checkers?
give Chechnya
what kind of disfigure kinto
Klimenko Lamy
how can you teach this guys i
I would like to ask Oleg about them
who are actually one of the authors of this
plot
here say on you produced
impression is all normal action
normal they are intimidated
no no they are hopefully intimidated
very strange
because when we arrived the first two
days went could understand where we got
he seems to be seeing everything well and
clean there
you need a cigarette there is alcohol
a year and on the other hand all the students
who they say
whales are all the same
I do not know that it is bad but it is very
strange
Dima bulls as far as I know recently
wrote restrictions
since May they have become very unpleasant
her school democracy project is just
was school